Gwenevere Abriel: Long time no see.
No.
For real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going on. I assure been wondering if you're getting that license, but I know you're trying to get CEOs to get licensure kickin and I just been wondering how you doing,
Bethany Shadid: I'm doing I'm doing all right I my life that I have my license. So that's good. Last I checked, it's an active
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Bethany Shadid: Um, so I haven't said anything to work because I don't want to go back
Bethany Shadid: And I it was really causing some anxiety because a coworker asked me.
Bethany Shadid: Was like
Bethany Shadid: Oh, she, she said, so what did they say to you when you turned in all of your stuff. And I was like, I'm nothing. I didn't really tell her, but I was anxious because I, I didn't want her or anybody else reminding them.
Bethany Shadid: That once my license with active that I could go back so
Bethany Shadid: I told her, just not to say anything. They haven't said anything to me.
Bethany Shadid: And my so I was like to get rid of the anxiety.
Bethany Shadid: Because like I need to
Bethany Shadid: Decide what what I need to do for me that so that when this arises.
Bethany Shadid: I am sure of my decision. And I don't have to like have all this anxiety, just you know festering and me so I'm after a lot of prayer and contemplation.
Bethany Shadid: I decided that if they call me to have me come back. Then I'm going to let them know that, you know, kind of like how we rehearsed before with the quitting that, you know, I've had time to think. And I think that, you know, in all honesty, it but it just wasn't working.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: At this time i i i don't i don't want to come back and I would rather work on the front line.
Bethany Shadid: Then do that.
Bethany Shadid: So I'm preparing myself. I actually, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Worst case scenario or not. Worst case but
Bethany Shadid: You know, they could have me work in the hospital with a coven 19 thing. But that doesn't bother me so much. I feel kind of bad that I've been able to
Bethany Shadid: Not work this whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is is that our focus today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is really
Gwenevere Abriel: Around that preparation. We could do that, what do you what. Okay, which one
Bethany Shadid: Know, basically just letting you know that I it was bothering me but I
Bethany Shadid: I have become okay with our, how would you say I learned that in order to release the anxiety about what's going to happen if they call I sorted it out in my head and and have released beings, because I know what I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You made a decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Yes, I see that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really, that's cool.
Bethany Shadid: Just letting it go and realizing that don't have to go back is a really good stress reliever to
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not. Yeah, that's just wasn't a good fit. No, no.
So,
Bethany Shadid: There were a few things I was going to tell you, um, I spent the first few weeks really
Bethany Shadid: Um, I was so exhausted from my job. Oh yeah, and
Bethany Shadid: Was pretty mad at myself.
Bethany Shadid: For how little I got done and you know, and after a while when I made the decision of not going back. And you know what is going to be good for me. Um,
Bethany Shadid: I started making some healthier decisions and actually being more productive.
Bethany Shadid: Around here. So I've really worked on getting my place together.
Bethany Shadid: Doing a lot of arts and crafts and projects and
Bethany Shadid: The other thing to my health. So
Bethany Shadid: I started doing some yoga ish stretches
Bethany Shadid: Before because I realized that laying around all day doesn't help me feel any better.
Bethany Shadid: And I also noticed that going up to the eight milligrams. I got really constipated again really bloated.
Bethany Shadid: And I ended up getting this
Bethany Shadid: It's called activated at activate I forget, but it's prebiotics probiotics and a superfood.
Bethany Shadid: Blend and you drink it every morning and it's really started to help things
Bethany Shadid: I've been on it, maybe like five or six days and I'm noticing some really good things I'm gut wise and I know my gut health is so important. You know, for my overall health. So
Bethany Shadid: That's what I've done there.
Bethany Shadid: I think, oh, and I'm so I'm collecting unemployment, but it's much less than my
Bethany Shadid: What I'm used to.
Bethany Shadid: And I have to do my taxes.
Bethany Shadid: To get the stimulus money or whatever, which is a headache.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: And it's been very triggering and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Your voice just got shaky.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. And so that's actually I think maybe where we can work.
Bethany Shadid: Yep, um,
Bethany Shadid: We had a really good family couple over zoom last night and all of us were
Bethany Shadid: Chatting my sister got engaged over the coven quarantine thing. And I'm very happy for her. Um,
Bethany Shadid: But something came up in the
Bethany Shadid: Oh, my sister made a joke and said I got my check right away and I was really excited about it. My sister's really hilarious, but she was just joking. She said, I was so excited I got mine right away until my friend told me that they give the checks to the ugly people first.
Bethany Shadid: And I was like, you know, we're all laughing and everything and
Bethany Shadid: And then I jumped in and said I must be gorgeous.
Bethany Shadid: Because I still haven't gotten mine.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. And then my, my cousin jumped in and was like, you started guide years. Oh my gosh, you need to go, you know, and she jumped and she doesn't know the story, but she was just giving some friendly advice. I didn't think any more of it.
Bethany Shadid: But my dad texted me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it.
Bethany Shadid: Basically, he was like, I need you to take this seriously, um, you know, because we're helping you need to do your taxes so that you can get this money and pay your rent you know he was
Bethany Shadid: So it really
Bethany Shadid: Prior to him getting in it.
Bethany Shadid: It was already something that was it's been a struggle.
Bethany Shadid: Um, so I haven't paid taxes for the past two years.
Bethany Shadid: The reason is I tried to do my
Bethany Shadid: Taxes.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: My homelessness.
Bethany Shadid: That here.
Bethany Shadid: I lost my health insurance halfway through the year.
Bethany Shadid: And there's a penalty if you don't have insurance, you have to pay
Bethany Shadid: And at the time I couldn't pay and so I filed for an extension.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: I was going to do it this year.
Bethany Shadid: But then
Bethany Shadid: I took that big chunk of time off after I moved out here when I started working with you guys.
Bethany Shadid: And so there's just a lot of complicated pieces involved in this task.
Bethany Shadid: Yep. And it's something that I've always done my own taxes, it's not
Bethany Shadid: But because of all of the stuff that I have to
Bethany Shadid: Think about and gather documentation for and
Bethany Shadid: Then my dad.
Bethany Shadid: You know, bringing it up and how even though I'm really proud of myself for everything I've done
Bethany Shadid: To get on my feet.
Bethany Shadid: He doesn't see it that way, he's, you know, worried that he's going to have to pay you know money because I'm out of work.
Bethany Shadid: And so the other thing, too, is in the month of March, it was my birthday and my, my parents went ahead and paid my rent that month as a birthday guest.
Bethany Shadid: I didn't ask for it. I didn't
Bethany Shadid: But they were they mailed it to my apartment.
Bethany Shadid: So I had no saying I was just grateful and, you know, a little apprehensive. And sure enough, I knew I was going to back up, because in the text message. My dad was like you know we've been helping you a lot lately. And I'm thinking to myself, What do you mean
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: You know, I, and I know better. A gift is never a gift with my
Bethany Shadid: It's been very triggering I've been trying to breathe and check in with my distress level right
Bethany Shadid: Right, it
Bethany Shadid: Is so easy to procrastinate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I've got an idea. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about. I think I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you went into default mode. I think it's been a minute. I think when you and I are connecting on a more regular basis. It's easier to remember some of those perspective skills that you have. It's just they get forgotten. And so now that
Gwenevere Abriel: That tender spot of shame getting activated. That's what it looks like out here like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and so it makes it in a possibility to get things done when we're in it. We're I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, it's hard to get anything done so.
Bethany Shadid: That actually really helps because in my head.
Bethany Shadid: I was
Bethany Shadid: Like I was able to text my dad. So I had time to think.
Bethany Shadid: And I was very conscious. Like, I started going into my whole defending myself and then deleted it all.
Bethany Shadid: And didn't give him you know content to go after me.
Bethany Shadid: And I finally like got it down to the like what I know. Like I you know the grain of truth.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, which is, I know you. You've done a lot to help me. And I know you're only doing this because love me and you know kept it
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Bethany Shadid: Good. And that kind of squashed it but
Bethany Shadid: I was like I'm doing everything but I'm still like, what is this. So, but as soon as you said stream.
Bethany Shadid: That really hit me up cuz it it's like
Bethany Shadid: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: So that different parts of the brain that's all, that's all that is
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be both. Notice how productive you were, how much self you could get to enjoy decorating you got in your sense of agency and you got clear you use a decision making.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what I'm going to do with my job, my bodies on the line. I'm going to speak my truth. You've got all this clarity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then family and then family of origin. In fact, you were able to see
Gwenevere Abriel: HAVING SOME FUN. You can even see perspective with a friend. You could call it, you call it friendly advice, but when it comes to dad, and we'll just keep it right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of revert back to an old interpretation. You don't quite have habituated
Gwenevere Abriel: What to Do you did some cool things. So look what you did, for she went defensive and because right. It's the same thing as that's that's subjective unit of distress, because you now have time
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you writing it. Maybe it was you were able to say I'm doing what I always did. I'm doing it and what you ended up doing was you validated his feelings. You said you've been very generous.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know you only have love in your heart for me for that. Okay. And then you said that squashed it
Gwenevere Abriel: Does work those things work. I still
Gwenevere Abriel: Felt the shame.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, some don't forget all the cool things that you did. You did some great stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see what we got here. What, what do we have available in your environment right there to do some desensitization around that chain. I'm see you're in bed. Do you have a setting.
Bethany Shadid: Actually on a couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you have to, to finish to vertical things that we could do some end or do you have some ability to. Okay, let's go grab it. Let's do it right around this topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to have your eyes, nice and level with those objects so that you're not straining them and you can be just looking bilaterally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with what you just said right piece of
Gwenevere Abriel: The emotion shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was activated with what see if we can grab it and this is just really lean in Word and let's, let's see, what's the first thing that comes to mind that emotion of shame I recognize it and it got activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as I saw my dad was the center of attacks. Nope. It was when I saw he said some word in the text or a suit, maybe happen in this gathering this zoom meeting when, when was the closest you can find it.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: I still a child, I can't take care of
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember that that thought ran through your head when
Gwenevere Abriel: You were in play in the zoom meeting or was it when the text when he that came through what what point would you say
Bethany Shadid: As soon as it came out in the zoom name. Oh, I thought, was
Bethany Shadid: You know the content I shouldn't have said anything.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: When I got the text, it was
Bethany Shadid: Like this is never going to end like I'm never gonna be able to
Bethany Shadid: Like he like he though is gonna feel like I he has
Bethany Shadid: Parent
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So looking a you're using the phone for your device right now for our, our
Bethany Shadid: Tablet
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so do you see your phone.
Bethany Shadid: No, it moved it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as was it you saw that it was your dad did you already know what he was going to write
Bethany Shadid: I got a little like a hint notification.
Bethany Shadid: And the first few lines I was already like
Bethany Shadid: Oh no, and I don't want to read the text, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Aside is
Gwenevere Abriel: This will never end. He will always treat me well. He'll always feel like he has to parent me
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's go into that, I said, is the belief. I still can't take care of myself is that the belief about yourself that you. Let's see if it is, what's the
Bethany Shadid: It's not, it's the belief
Bethany Shadid: It triggers.
Bethany Shadid: Me feeling like no matter what I do.
Bethany Shadid: It's never going to be good enough. It's never going to be able to prove that I'm a capable human being.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not good enough, is that the core
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we're going to get through it. Let's see if we can find the positive one, what would have been convenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would have been a nice
Gwenevere Abriel: belief about yourself at that moment when he was carrying on. I know we got to really stretch the imagination, but what would have been convenient. The positive of belief about the self.
Bethany Shadid: I don't know, a positive, but I do have
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: Thought that this is my, my dad's
Bethany Shadid: Issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go. So let's let's hold on to that. This is my dad's my dad's issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now go to. I am so when you're with. This is my dad's issue I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go.
Bethany Shadid: Five years old.
Bethany Shadid: Will do this.
And yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on let's give that a number. So I know where to put it in here and I can watch as it changes how distressed. Are you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number is that
Bethany Shadid: That Bindi
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And pay attention to your body. See where it's messaging you that something important is going on right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're talking about something really important
Gwenevere Abriel: What's happening inside
Bethany Shadid: Well, I'm hot.
Uh huh.
Bethany Shadid: It's almost like an aura of being hot. I don't know if that makes sense. Like a
Bethany Shadid: An outside of me.
Bethany Shadid: Tension
Gwenevere Abriel: Tension is felt in in what part
Bethany Shadid: Of my neck folders, but there's almost like a
Bethany Shadid: Slow to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and it's not much. Okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get this set up here. Let's get me so I'm dead center so that I gaze is such because right now, you're often or you might be. But the way it's I'm seeing you. It's Austin or so is is this phone if you could put your hands up face to
Gwenevere Abriel: Face and then these two objects are about
Bethany Shadid: Yes. Yeah, it's the camera. It's getting distorted view.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me watch your eyes. Then I'm just going to have a go left to right. I want to see how they look. And you're going to check and see if it hurts you might be too close.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to look at me. You're just going to look at those two types of objects me it'll just be a peripheral setting the tempo type of peripheral. You don't have to stop in the middle. You don't have to look at me just look at the two objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think sit back maybe an inch. I'm guessing, just to touch. Are you risk to shoulder distance away or a bit closer. There we go. Save. Now from there. Now do it ready. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't look at me just peripherally will keep your head straight just the eyes, that's going to get it now. Just how does this feel in your
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of that ocular. I don't know what the word is that ocular area he you know
Bethany Shadid: It's good.
Horrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want to have access to some of these other pieces in my notes. So I gotta wait this little database up okay he's awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so if you're up to it. I'm 70s still does pretty high. Maybe we could spend a little bit of time bringing it down just to touch maybe by bringing into the working memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your people
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring in holy trinity of
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective nature, the protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, bringing that in. It's that clear awareness that you came to on your own, you realize, Wait a minute. I know exactly what the protective figure is and it's God you did that on February 10 I have a know
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: And feel that throughout your body kind of have that that sense of it and have it neat that original right that heat that was coming from the outside just kind of have that contact happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then be aware nationally of Jesus Christ as a nurturing figure wanting
Gwenevere Abriel: For you at all times your growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: wanting nothing for himself, but just that giving and wanting
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to reach your potential that in and of itself. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the other figure of the Holy Spirit, knowing exactly what to do when to do it, how to do it and being present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's let's kind of open your eyes. And we'll do a nice slow iteration holding all three, the Holy Trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only breathing, but paying attention to the neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as it drops into other parts of the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sure you're holding on to those images of you know them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale out the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: deflating that belly balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting that beat quiet and stillness happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having to do nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just tune in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And scan the body again see
Gwenevere Abriel: See what you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Level of distress, you're in now.
Bethany Shadid: Pretty girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not at 70
Gwenevere Abriel: What like 5050 okay so let's move on down.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's kind of a useful area to be an actually. There's just enough of that register that something importance at stake.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's stressing that we're dissociating and we can't use all the parts of our brain. So that might be a good place for us to sort of go into the desensitization part
Gwenevere Abriel: Giving that them brain of yours a chance to pre process so
Gwenevere Abriel: This one you can always it's your mind. You can do whatever you want with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you'll hear me do those familiar things like pull up that WORST piece having gotten into the second line maybe of that text and realizing I don't want to read this but your image of it, pulling it into your working awareness and the
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not enough. I'm never going to be good enough just holding that one and you have it there. Have them, you're gonna have to pull those both the worst image of it and that negative. I'm not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: The iteration will be faster if you can kind of tell us a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe in.
Gwenevere Abriel: An exhale out of the mouth, letting it all go nice slow exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring that chin down to the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Open up the back of that neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring that chin up
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's open it wide and notice the difference and how it feels.
Gwenevere Abriel: To open up that space.
Bethany Shadid: Who
Gwenevere Abriel: Can tell me what's coming up casting through your, your thoughts and whatnot.
Bethany Shadid: It was really, it's like a hopeless. You know, like
Bethany Shadid: That avoidant nature of
Bethany Shadid: Is triggered of
Bethany Shadid: Facing that text are facing my father feeling like I have to answer the questions and go through
Gwenevere Abriel: A HOLD ON, IN THIS ONE hopelessness and my avoid nature and pull up that that mercy image right there that image, you had, you're going to go with that hold those two things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do keep reading.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about right now.
Bethany Shadid: It really ties back to my
Bethany Shadid: Reason for me being homeless.
Bethany Shadid: Because when I was
Bethany Shadid: Having
Bethany Shadid: Unbelievable struggles
Bethany Shadid: I opted to live in my car.
Bethany Shadid: Rather than deal with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Go with that go with that. Now pull up that WORST piece around that message with the tax and what you just had go with that whole both there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And breathe into it. Don't forget to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that tying back to the reason for the homelessness that unbelievable struggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And electing to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together in hillbilly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And let that beat have nothing of a mind blank and quiet happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that space of nothing, just be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up.
Bethany Shadid: How
Bethany Shadid: Just how
Bethany Shadid: Painful
Bethany Shadid: Trying to get help from my family is
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to do some
Bethany Shadid: open hand and
Bethany Shadid: So my mind at the time it was like I wanted to run away and
Bethany Shadid: Start a new life.
Bethany Shadid: detach myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was
Bethany Shadid: Probably completely
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so try painful trying to help painful trying to get help that one. That's something I don't know if I've done this with you. Let's do a bridge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into it's so painful trying to get help. You need wants you to go back and Bridget to the earliest memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have of having tried and the pain of trying to get help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to stay there without doing the iteration. So I want you to open your eyes. This is the work you're doing it and doing great. And I want you to hold that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And I want you to hold the negative cognition. I'm not enough WORST piece of that bridge younger earlier image and I'm not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing into. You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. You got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhaling and
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaling go
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me check. I'm white level of distress. What number yet right now.
Bethany Shadid: Probably in the indie
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that you could bring it
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring in the Holy Trinity and only bring in that bridged memory and let's bring them together. Let's bring them together this iteration will be slower Holy Trinity recognize it in your body as soon as they arrive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier bridged memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Miss let me paste down just a little bit here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going through your mind.
Bethany Shadid: Well obviously the
Bethany Shadid: earliest memories of trying to get help from my parents was during my abuse.
Bethany Shadid: But a few others came up that I
Bethany Shadid: Haven't thought about in a very long time.
Bethany Shadid: And unrelated to the abuse. Other things like
Gwenevere Abriel: You just have to hold on, we won't spend time in storytelling. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold all them bring them up. They were fragments. They're coming up here for a reason. So let's pay attention to on
Gwenevere Abriel: Should we keep the Trinity present with them while those other things that came up and let's hold those both together unrelated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Events.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale together. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it all go to mind blank for chest and
Gwenevere Abriel: Rest there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then looking at what comes up through the mind what you're aware of what do you notice
Bethany Shadid: How
Bethany Shadid: God's always been there and I've
Bethany Shadid: Been doing the best in
Bethany Shadid: My whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. Hold that you're gonna go. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Intention
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Altogether.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale. And then when you're ready, exhaling it all out, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up for you.
Bethany Shadid: Tired. I am
Bethany Shadid: Doing this with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: With them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure you connect that truth back to your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that communication happened to the neck and shoulders and whatever else. If it's not my invitation that you tune in.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you right now.
Bethany Shadid: The difficulty of doing it.
Bethany Shadid: On my own right.
Bethany Shadid: It's this double edged sword.
Bethany Shadid: It's
Bethany Shadid: On my own,
Bethany Shadid: Peace of mind.
Bethany Shadid: Or helping assistance with turmoil and
Bethany Shadid: I haven't always had the auction.
Bethany Shadid: Or, you know, the freedom to choose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so only because we're, we're, where we are in time, time wise. Let's see if we can kind of bring this to a close, see if there's anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, because you said some really important stuff just now. Are you able to sort of put that duality. I've either kind of have this or this. And I didn't even know that I had a choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So see if you can put, if anything, be compartmentalised and put it in a container or in a container and get some distance from it. Or maybe you don't want to. What, what, what is the
Bethany Shadid: What's i know that i want to i think it's given me a much better understanding of why it's so triggering
Bethany Shadid: And it's not just financial it's
Bethany Shadid: Help
Bethany Shadid: General
Bethany Shadid: And I can think of the times I've gone
Bethany Shadid: For help
Bethany Shadid: Who've been at my lowest
Bethany Shadid: And the
Bethany Shadid: Whole not being believed ties into it so strongly
Bethany Shadid: And why, you know, all these
Bethany Shadid: Emotions apprehension avoidance comes in when I him. You know, it seems a little like the current issue, but how much
Bethany Shadid: Is behind it.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we do this, I can see it doesn't look like I developed a distancing metaphor with you some
Gwenevere Abriel: borrow someone else's
And
Gwenevere Abriel: That you take the the phenomenon may take a color of shape of
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being believed. It's got its own energy force fields right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, not being believed super old there's lots of stories that justify its existence. This
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to put it
Gwenevere Abriel: On a leaf have it float down river on a ship as it sails away rocket ship going into outer space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or hey, right. It's a car zooming past this way and you're heading in this direction and you see it in the rearview mirror and it's getting further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or in a balloon and off it goes. Never to be seen again out of the atmosphere to pick your own distancing metaphor. And I want you to put that
Gwenevere Abriel: Not being believed that phenomenon.
Gwenevere Abriel: In
Gwenevere Abriel: That imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you picture.
Bethany Shadid: All of those lanterns.
Bethany Shadid: You paper lanterns. The light in it slips away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, close your eyes and picture floating away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice what you say to it as it goes.
Bethany Shadid: God knows
Bethany Shadid: knows the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see it moving further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost slow kind of the air moves it this way, in that it moves consistently away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are there with grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: Connected to this planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: To these forces that you can always see this holy trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one this body can feel, surely, is this gravitational pull to the center of the earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whenever you want to get grounded in this holy trinity feel that gravity.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remain there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, you did a lot so
Gwenevere Abriel: My next client isn't in here just yet. So can you tell me what you notice. Can we do a little while we can.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I think.
Bethany Shadid: I like the distancing metaphor.
Bethany Shadid: I could even do it in real life.
Bethany Shadid: My
Bethany Shadid: I have a strong desire to draw my visual imagery of my holy trinity.
Bethany Shadid: So I'm like that.
Bethany Shadid: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe, maybe the way to stay connected to your experience today if there is it's doing this drawing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And also you really liked this new distancing metaphor. This might be tying in with before you pick up the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you walk outside again before you make social interpersonal contact
Gwenevere Abriel: Brief
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I want you to picture. Can you even see that lantern anymore and not being believed and in its place, you are there.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this holy trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Contact
Gwenevere Abriel: With the outside world and you pick up the phone and you look at the text. Let that kind of proceed and let that be the mindset and that space that you're in. As you meet this the new contact, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Very good.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I don't think I've had something to
Bethany Shadid: Do prior to
Bethany Shadid: This social contact. So definitely
Bethany Shadid: Try that.
Bethany Shadid: And draw it so that I solidify it
Bethany Shadid: In my mind,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's bring it up to kind of superficial stuff. Let's bring it up here got this distance me just hear what kind of level of distress, you're at right now kind of how activated, are you what charges left
Bethany Shadid: Oh yeah, real activated so
Bethany Shadid: Look like a 60 still slowly coming down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you continue
Gwenevere Abriel: To do the prayer until you're down to a place where it's still, you know, in that I'm still working on something. This is still got this energy still got this vitality going maybe down to a five.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, completely relaxed body. I mean, sure, why not. That'd be great. But
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can be mobile, you can still mobilize and get the things done that you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do like do that drawing
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll do that even after you
Bethany Shadid: Oh yeah, I'm excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, are you able to schedule something now, or do you want to wait, what, what would you prefer.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, right. I'm very open and flexible. So if something comes up quite can always adjust
Gwenevere Abriel: Want me to schedule it or because I'm open next week right now. It won't last long. But I can either get you in there or not. What do you want me to do.
Bethany Shadid: Well, let me ask you because financially.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. Be really careful.
Bethany Shadid: I am probably good until
Bethany Shadid: Around this time next week on the meds.
Bethany Shadid: Did I just go to group next week and then see you. The week after that, is that okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Try I know I talked about your case with with the doc, I told her about today. I think she would have met with you, but she runs all these groups on Wednesdays, trying to run away. How we left it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Let's go with meet with me if she wants to meet with you. Let's just not do it on a Wednesday.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: 11 on
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rich
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool. Anything about that. Yeah. Now, I don't do anything anymore.
Bethany Shadid: Why, but it's a big deal room.
Bethany Shadid: My 11
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just sent a message to the doc that you are here. So I don't know what he has it that with medication, but it just sent an alert to her that she needs to pay attention to whatever is going on.
Bethany Shadid: Why
Bethany Shadid: She's okay with it. I'm down to seven.
Bethany Shadid: Been there for four days.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: It. And yeah, unless she wants to see me just let her know
Bethany Shadid: Figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: For next is thinking of my own.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just say if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Drop in. Okay. All right. I will see you next Tuesday.
Bethany Shadid: Sounds good. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome. Bye.
Bye.